Princess, wine is a grain essence
The more you drink, the younger you become
Come and drink it fried with wine and vegetables
Okay, come on.
Then if you don't drink it, neither will this princess
Come on.
Okay, then I'll give up my life to drink with the princess
Well, keep coming, come right away
come again
Come drink let's keep drinking
Hey, princess, hurry up, just drink it
Ok bro
Are you not giving this palace girl?
If you don't drink
I just killed a girl
I don't believe I won't knock you over. Drink
Cheers.
Drink. Drink.
Drink it, I really can't drink any more
I'm afraid I'll get drunk again
Wang Xuan
Do you want to sleep with me?
Drink this glass of wine and I'll satisfy you
Ah!
I drink
Princess
Do you remember what you just said?
I'll drink this cup and we'll
Of course you can.
You just need to spend more time
We're coming. Come on